Reconciler Timeout Note (#1281)
kyma-project/control-plane: docs/kyma-environment-broker/03-03-runtime-operations.md

> >**NOTE:** The timeout for processing this operation is set to `24h`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The timeout for processing the whole provisioning operation is set to `24h`. The provisioning steps delegate resource creation to Reconciler. Since Reconciler does not constrain a number of retries in case of failed reconciliation, KEB introduces a [provisioning timeout for Reconciler](../../resources/kcp/charts/kyma-environment-broker/values.yaml#L49) that is set to `2h`.
```
